Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a
horror and thriller film called “The Collection."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
During a car ride, Mr. Peters comforts his
young daughter, Elena, over her mother’s death.
He reassures her by saying that he will
always be with her every step of the way.
Suddenly, another vehicle crashes into their car.
In multiple television broadcasts, the serial
killer with the alias “The Collector” has been the
central focus of a massive manhunt. His signature
scheme is to kill all his victims and spare one
whom he kidnaps. Arkin, his latest victim, is
still on a missing list, as authorities extract
all resources they have to retrieve him.
Years after the accident, Elena is now a
teenager with hearing problems due to the crash,
so she wears a hearing aid to assist her
daily. That night, she receives a call from
her boyfriend, Brian, who cancels plans with
her because of his “work.” Not long after,
she receives a call from Missy and Josh, who
invite her to an entry-by-password-only party
in an undisclosed location. She gets ready and
kisses her father before she leaves for the night.
They arrive at an empty alley, where
a guy opens a door just behind them.
Elena says the word “nevermore,” and they
instantly gain access to the lively scene. Inside,
they start to party the night away. Suddenly,
Elena sees Brian making out with another woman
among the crowd. She punches him in the face as
payback before walking away from the dance floor.
Unbeknownst to the partygoers, the notorious
“Collector” is watching all of them from above
the club and picking his new victims. Elena gets
out of Missy’s sight to have a moment, ending up
in an isolated room where she finds a big red
box. After looking intently, it starts moving
as if someone is inside. She unlocks it out of
curiosity only to find a seriously injured Arkin.
He grabs Elena out of desperation for freedom,
and they dodge a spear shot from the wall.
It prompts a deadly trap back in the dance floor
orchestrated by The Collector. A big rotating
blade starts plunging into the pool of people, and
Brian spots it right away, giving him time to run.
The machine starts shredding hundreds of people
inside the club in just a matter of seconds,
resulting in a blood bath. Back in the room, Elena
gets frightened and runs outside, where she steps
on a very thin wire which initiates swords to
fling out, hitting people fatally. Meanwhile,
Missy and a group of people get trapped as
two steel barriers drop in a small section.
The Collector stands on a shaft from above which
lowers gradually, crushing the victims to death as
Elena watches her best friend in complete horror.
As she opens her eyes, she sees The Collector
directly looking at her, causing her to run for
her life. However, he captures her while Arkin
escapes using Brian’s body as a protective shield.
Arkin jumps out of a window, landing on a parked
car. Enduring the pain, he gets as far away as he
can from the building after seeing the Collector
looking at him.
Arkin is brought to the hospital, disoriented
and traumatized by flashbacks of torture.
Despite this, the police officers arrest him
because of his criminal records. As Arkin gains
consciousness, his wife sits asks about what
happened, but he isn’t ready to talk about what
he has gone through just yet. He notices flowers
by the desk and realizes that The Collector is the
sender. He grows worried and advises his wife
to stay at her mom’s home for the time being.
Just then, a man named Lucello enters the room
and introduces himself as a hired investigator.
He was hired by Mr. Peters, Elena’s father.
Lucello shows Elena’s picture and asks if she
has been at the party, which Arkin immediately
confirms. According to Lucello, he has 48 hours
to retrieve the girl before The Collector takes
her life. He then asks for Arkin’s participation
in the search.
Lucello makes a call to Mr. Peters to inform him
that Arkin has agreed to participate. All the
while, Elena gets a flashback of the accident’s
aftermath where a strange-looking man appears to
break the window and save her life. She then wakes
up inside a box and sees a man being tortured from
a small hole. Peeking through it, The Collector
senses her fear and gives her taunting looks.
A team of mercenaries composed of Lucello, Lin,
Dre, Wally, and Paz are brought together to hunt
The Collector, including Arkin. Arkin reveals how
the killer captured him and how he took note of
the journey by cutting his arms during every turn.
He retraces the location, depending on his
memories and his scars, and successfully leads
the group to The Collector’s base. Meanwhile,
Elena utilizes her bra to grip the latch and
unlock the box from inside. She then sees a room
filled with torture weapons and another box.
In an attempt to free a fellow victim,
she opens it only to find a man’s corpse.
In a matter of seconds, The Collector
re-enters, noticing Elena’s escape,
so he frees several spiders to reveal where
she hides. As the small creatures creep on her,
she remains still as the situation holds a thin
line between life and death. When the mercenary
group triggers the alarms, The Collector
immediately runs out of the room to check,
giving Elena a chance to escape. Outside, Arkin
refuses to enter the hotel, but Lucello holds him
at gunpoint, leaving him no choice but to show
them the contents of the abandoned building.
The Collector watches the group invade his space
from the surveillance before putting on his black
leather mask, which is his signature look.
While The Collector is preoccupied, Elena manages
to find an alternative exit and crawls toward the
narrow space. She makes her way to the exit
through the vents above, which Lin notices.
Unfortunately, Lin, who is outside the hotel, gets
stabbed to death by none other than The Collector
himself. Inside, Arkin fights off a half-masked
person. Fortunately, Paz comes to his rescue and
shoots him. They examine the body and realize that
The Collector performs experiments on his victims,
almost turning them into wild animals. Shortly
after, they find a pile of disassembled bodies,
turning the place into a brutal slaughterhouse.
As they speak, The Collector unlocks a cage that
frees more victims who have turned zombie-like,
attacking Lucello’s group. As a defense, they
shoot at the half-masked subjects, who are too
drugged and far gone into their creature minds.
They manage to reach a safe room where they
continue to carry out their mission of finding
Elena. Unbeknownst to her, Elena tries to find a
way out on her own and ends up in a room full of
cosmetic products. She hears a woman crying for
help and opens another box. A prisoner named Abby
comes out of the box but is reluctant to leave out
of fear that The Collector might catch her again.
Discovering more about the hotel,
the group encounters a shirtless man desperately
asking for help. He cries while saying that he
didn’t make it to the collection. Just then,
a bomb explodes from his neck. The explosion
triggers a trap where three sharp bars impale
Dre, causing his death. Arkin sees this as an
opportunity to get out of the group’s sight and
finds an escape through a narrow trap. He ends
up in a room with flickering lights, where The
Collector comes from behind him. However, Arkin
luckily escapes his captor unharmed once again.
Meanwhile, Abby and Elena team up to escape,
going through the deadly hallways together.
Abby reveals that she is The Collector’s favorite
victim and is also very familiar with his traps.
When she notices Elena’s hearing aid, she
panics and claims that Elena is not strong
enough for the collection. Just as she is about to
return to her box, The Collector blocks her way,
making her sink into the floor out of fear. The
sight of him terrifies Elena, so she runs away
from him, also leaving the poor Abby behind.
The Collector chases Elena around the place,
but she manages to hide just above him.
On the other hand, Arkin, deeply traumatized by
his experiences, escapes both the mercenary group
and The Collector. Being inside the hotel brings
back unpleasant memories of when The Collector
kept him captive, so he desperately tries to
flee. Along the way, he encounters several traps
that almost kill him, but he luckily dodges them.
However, upon hiding from Wally, he falls into the
pile of corpses and other dismembered body parts.
After getting out of there, Arkin sets foot in a
room full of preserved animals.
In the meantime, Elena is still on her
quest to find an exit, and in the process,
she drops her hearing aid in a bear trap. She
slowly tries to grab it to retrieve it, but
the intense sensitivity of her aid makes it much
harder. She finally gets it back without hurting
herself and continues to make her way through
the small alley. Arkin, who is still in the room,
sees more preserved beings locked in capsules.
Out of nowhere, he hears a voice asking for help.
On the wall, she sees a woman in such a hopeless
state as she is nailed. Despite feeling sorry
for her, Arkin does not rescue her as it will
risk his safety. Not long after, The Collector
enters the room to check if Arkin is in there and
slits the nailed woman’s throat in the process.
Still determined to be free,
Elena stumbles into an empty room where she
finds people outside through the torn wallpapers.
She screams for help but to no avail as
the people outside are too preoccupied.
Ending up in an art room, Arkin gets knocked out
by Wally and is captured by the mercenary group.
Far from their knowledge, The Collector
lets down a big hook and catches Wally,
who gets dragged up as the killer faces
Arkin, Paz, and Lucello. The Collector
comes face to face with them and successfully
pushes Paz out of the scene with a zipline.
He then uses Wally’s weight to lift himself again,
leaving the bloody mercenary dead on the floor.
Arkin persuades Lucello to leave Elena behind,
but he refuses to do so as he was the one who
took care of her ever since she was young.
While they talk, Abby comes from behind to
ask if she could also escape with them in
exchange for tracking Elena down. The three
of them advance but get distracted when they hear
Paz’s cries for help. In an attempt to rescue her,
they get trapped inside a room full of mannequins,
where Lucello looks for her by listening to the
screams. Noticing wires along the way, Arkin calls
out to Lucello to warn him that it is just a trap.
Lucello finds out that the screams only come from
a speaker and not Paz herself, so he runs back as
the mannequins explode one by one.
Simultaneously, Elena has tracked Paz down and
unties her from a net after hearing her screams as
well. After Abby leads the way, they safely
reunite, but Elena warns them not to trust Abby.
Contrary to this, Lucello calms her down as
they both embrace, assuring her safety. Elena
leads all of them into the room where they could
have contact outside, but the two men are unable
to hear them. To get their attention, Arkin shoots
one of the men and leads police officers to gather
around outside the building. Arkin fires a second
shot, causing the officers to call for backup.
After a slight moment of relief,
Abby locks the door from the inside before she
betrays the group and gives up their location.
However, she dies after stepping on a board
of nails and falling back into an iron trap,
folding her inside. In a fit of rage, The
Collector attacks the group with a gun and a pair
of dogs who advance at them. While Paz, Arkin, and
Lucello are combating the wild dogs, The Collector
kidnaps Elena and brings her to his lair. As they
get up, they find Lucello pinned to the ground
with nails and with a bigger trap just above him.
He commands Paz and Arkin to leave him behind and
save Elena quickly. Both of them find her strapped
to a bed and untie her just as a metal cage falls,
trapping all of them inside.
Enraged, Arkin repeatedly insults The Collector,
calling him names as he calmly observes the group.
At that moment, he brings out a lighter and makes
it apparent that he is going to burn the building
down before setting a thread in flames. Paz tries
to unlock the cage with a knife but drops it in
the process, leaving Arkin no choice but to
sacrifice himself. By having Elena break his
arm again, he reaches the latch and unlocks
the cage, leaving himself severely injured.
While The Collector drenches the place in
gas, the three find an exit door to the safer
part of the building. Sadly, The Collector
tracks them down and stabs Paz from behind,
immediately killing her. He also manages
to throw Elena and Arkin across the room,
but Lucello enters just as The Collector
plants another kill. In an intense knife fight,
Lucello and The Collector combat each other, but
the latter wins. Arkin gets into a fistfight with
The Collector, releasing all his anger and rage
at the merciless criminal. As his final act, Arkin
brutally beats the Collector and throws his body
down a chute and onto a pile of corpses covered in
gasoline before lighting it on fire.
As the building gets eaten by fire, firefighters
hear Elena’s screams, so they tear the door from
outside to rescue the remaining ones. Elena sees
Arkin trapped in a massive circle of fire, who
has seemingly given up. He just sits still in the
middle of the flames, accepting his tragic fate,
but Elena breaks one of the capsules, causing the
fire to go off. It gives way for Arkin and her to
come out safely as the doors collapse.
Finally, Elena reunites with her father who
has been greatly worried about her safety.
Meanwhile, Arkin finds The Collector’s
burned mask without a corpse inside a box,
making him worry. After some time,
Arkin tracks down The Collector’s
house by searching for every entomologist
around the area. In The Collector’s home,
Arkin confronts him about his identity and says he
will torture him as he tortured Arkin. Suddenly,
The Collector attacks Arkin but is forced into
a red box that Arkin brought. He desperately
clings onto the sides of the red box as Arkin
shuts the box, getting his ultimate revenge.